Add sdk configuration changes template (#31842)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/sdk_configuration_template.md

# SDK configuration pull request

## Purpose of this PR

> - [ ] Add or update only SDK configuration where there are no changes to the API spec and therefore there is no need for an ARM or Stewardship Board API review.

Reviewer: Had gpt re-write to make this a bit easier to follow:

```suggestion
- [ ] Make changes to the SDK configuration only when there are no modifications to the API specification, eliminating the need for an ARM or Stewardship Board API review.
```

Author: thank you!
